Sp (#2)
DYNOSOBs/DYNOSOB-scientific-writing-with-git: main.tex

The notes have been put together a team of GT enthusiasts, namely:

\begin{itemize}
    \item [!] Christian Hilbe
    \item [!] Charlotte Roseti
    \item [!] Marta Courto
    \item [!] Nikoleta Glynatsi
    \item [!] Saptarshi Pal
\end{itemize}

\section{Definitions \& Examples}

\subsection{Definition of a Normal Form Game}

> Normal form games are also known as static games with complete information (SCGI). To define any game one needs the following - 1) set of players 2) their defined set of actions 3) payoff outcome mappings 4) order of moves 5) information availability. For Normal Form Games or SCGI the assumptions are on the the order of moves and information availability. It is assume all players move 1) simultaneously (static) and all players have 2) all relevant payoff related information (complete information). 

Reviewer: next time, please, don't use one single line ;)
```suggestion
Normal form games are also known as static games with complete information (SCGI). To define any game one needs the following - 1) set of players 2) their defined set of actions 3) payoff outcome mappings 4) order of moves 5) information availability. For Normal Form Games or SCGI the assumptions are on the order of moves and information availability. It is assumed all players move 1) simultaneously (static) and all players have 2) all relevant information regarding payoffs (complete information). 
```
